chore(blog): add july summary (#3119)
asyncapi/website: markdown/blog/2024-july-summary.md

### AsyncAPI Conf in Paris
[We are excited to announce that the Call for Proposals](https://conference.asyncapi.com/venue/paris) for our "main event" in Paris is now open. Start preparing your talks and submit them before the final deadline on September 20th. Don't miss it!

**Please Note: When submitting your proposal, choose the "*AsyncAPI Conference (part of apidays Paris- Dec 5)*" option and then the AsyncAPI track.** 

## Spec x Tooling

### New Project

After a successful vote, we will onboard a new project called [Kotlin-asyncapi](https://github.com/OpenFolder/kotlin-asyncapi). This project consists of code-first tools that simplify the creation of AsyncAPI documentation for Kotlin applications. It allows developers to write the AsyncAPI docs in Kotlin code using a DSL or generate it directly from the code. Additionally, it integrates with Spring Boot to serve the generated docs via a REST endpoint.
For more details, [please refer to the open discussion on Donate kotlin-asyncapi](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/issues/1313). If you want to familiarize yourself with the codebase, [check out the kotlin-asyncapi repository](https://github.com/OpenFolder/kotlin-asyncapi).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Huge thank you to [Lorenz Simon](https://github.com/lorenzsimon) who decided to move the project under AsyncAPI umbrella to enable collaboration with wider community. Lorenz is also looking for volunteers to join him as maintainer of the project.
```

### Call for New Maintainers
The [TypeScript/Node.js NATS](https://github.com/asyncapi/ts-nats-template) and [.NET C# NATS template](https://github.com/asyncapi/dotnet-nats-template) generators are looking for new maintainers. If you want to maintain these templates, please express your interest in the [ts-nats-template discussion](https://github.com/asyncapi/ts-nats-template/issues/650) or the [dotnet-nats-template discussion](https://github.com/asyncapi/dotnet-nats-template/issues/651).

## Mentorship Programs
Our Google Summer of Code'24 mentors have recently submitted their mid-term evaluations, and we are thrilled that 7 out of 8 mentees passed their evaluation. We still have one more mid-term evaluation, and I'm confident they will also pass, as the mentees are working hard on their contributions.

[You can check out the accepted AsyncAPI project list](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/programs/2024/organizations/asyncapi) and see what the mentees are working on.

## Technical Steering Committee

> To improve transparency in the project and ensure regular monitoring of the TSC's participation, we have implemented an automated update voting report. The report provides detailed information about the voting process, and [you can check out the first version of the TSC Overview doc report](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/TSC_VOTING_OVERVIEW.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve transparency in the project and ensure regular monitoring of the TSC's participation, with support from [Aayush Saini](https://github.com/AayushSaini101) we have implemented an automated report of TSC voting. The report provides detailed information about the voting process, and [you can check out the first version of the TSC Overview doc report](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/TSC_VOTING_OVERVIEW.md).
```
